Dialogue
Restaurant	Gion
Dawn : Here's your order.
reaction	ReactionGion
John : It's late, but let me introduce myself first. My name is John.
Dawn : Call me Dawn. John, are you traveling too?
John : Um... I don't know if I can describe this as a trip.
John : I think it would be better to say that ran away than to play.
choice	...What?	Are you being chased by the police?
John : (웃으며) It's not what you imagine, so don't worry too much. I've lived as an exemplary citizen though.
Dawn : So what did you run away from?
John : (기운 없는) From life. From a weary daily life.
John : (자조하며) ...It's pathetic, isn't it? A grown-up man is still talking like a child.
choice	Well...	You don't have to blame yourself too much.
John : (기운 없는) ...
John : (기운 없는) ...Will you be the person to talk to? At this age, there aren't many places to tell my story.
Dawn : I'd appreciate it if you could tell me.
John : (웃으며) Thank you.
John : ...
John : (한숨) ...I don't know where to begin even I want to bring it up.
choice	There's no rush.	Why don't you organize your thoughts first? We have a lot of time.
John : (웃으며) Of course, there's no rush.
John : But strangely, the more I thought about not rushing, the more nervous I got.
John : (기운 없는) After all, I'm the type of impetuous person who can't change old habits even if everything goes wrong.
Dawn : Maybe it's because you are nervous.
Dawn : Usually, when you're anxious, you're in a hurry.
John : Yeah, I think you are right.
John : At that time, I was driven by anxiety. The idea that if things go on like this, I'll be a boring person forever.
John : ...I had a friend who worked for the same company.
John : He has been outstanding since his career, beating out many of his colleagues.
John : On the other hand, I was just one of the common salaried workers.
John : His presence gave me a powerful stimulus. I always wanted to be like him.
Dawn : You have a good friend.	
John : He was a person who made me feel at ease. His career was a little longer, but it didn't matter because I knew him for a long time. 
John : (기운 없는) But my dream, which was not appropriate for me, was a problem.
John : It was difficult for me to maintain the average, let alone lead.
John : I felt helpless whenever I saw my seniors, juniors and colleagues riding on the momentum based on their outstanding talents.
John : (기운 없는) At first, I believed that I could be recognized someday if I tried hard.
John : I believed that the turtle, who persistently takes one step at a time, eventually beats the lazy rabbit.
John : (자조하며) Without knowing that there are so many hard-working rabbits all over the world.
choice	...So that's why you're here?	I see.
John : (한숨) If I had given up there, I wouldn't have come this far...
John : As I got older, I looked around and found that many people were adapting themselves to their positions.
John : I was worried whether I should be satisfied with what I already have, rather than just struggling to survive any longer.
John : In the meantime, I had an unexpected opportunity. My friend recommended me to be in charge of the new project team.
John : As the company had high expectations for us, it was an opportunity that I would never have again.
John : I was going to do my best so that I wouldn't regret it.
John : There were many days when I couldn't sleep properly and ate properly, but I thought this was my last chance.
John : (한숨) That was a mistake. I was thinking only about what was in front of me, not from a long-term perspective.
Dawn : Did you happen to have any health problems?
John : It started with a simple headache. I've had severe headaches several times a day since I started working.
John : But I didn't care much because there are many people in the team who suffer from similar symptoms due to lack of sleep.
John : Soon, I noticed something was wrong.
John : Since when, no matter how hard I try, I can't concentrate on my work at all.
John : It took more than twice as long to finish the work, which would have been done immediately in the past.
John : And there were more and more quarrels with subordinates.
John : (기운 없는) Then one day, I collapsed in a moment.
John : I felt like I couldn't do anything anymore. I quit my job and left the workplace.
choice	Then, what about your friend?	You left without saying anything?
John : (찡그린) I didn't say anything. I couldn't.
John : I didn't have the courage to face a friend who believed in irresponsible people like me.
John : (찡그린) And I couldn't forgive myself for ruining everything.
choice	But still...	If it were me...
Dawn : But if I were your friend, I would wait for you to contact me.
Dawn : Of course, he might be flustered or angry because it happened all of a sudden...
Dawn : But still, your friend is probably worried about you, John.
John : (한숨) ...
John : (한숨) What if it's not...?
John : If he says he's already done with me, and he doesn't want to see me... I really don't know what to do then...
Dawn : Even so, wouldn't it be better to meet him?
Dawn : I don't know what will happen in the future, but he's been a good friend of yours until now.
Dawn : I don't think it's a good idea to do nothing like this, even considering the friendship you've cultivated during that time.
Dawn : Of course, you need to take care of your health before that...
John : (한숨) ...
John : (자조하며) You're right. It won't get any better like this.
John : (웃으며) Thank you. I owe you a lot today.
Dawn : Are you going?
John : Yeah, Take care of yourself until we meet again.
Dawn : I hope everything goes well with your friend.
John : ...Thanks.