Dialogue
Restaurant	Mina
Dawn : I'm not sure you'll like it.
reaction	ReactionMina
Dawn : You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?
Mina : You are half right, but also that's because I don't know what to call you.
Mina : Isn't it kind of awkward to call you, 'sir'? I'm still a high school student after all.
Mina : And, you're not going to get a few years older just because I call you uncle, are you?
choice	Do you usually talk like this?	That's very... logical.
Mina : I'm always like this.
Mina : But I'm a bit excited today because it's been a while since I've been out.
Dawn : What happened to you?
Mina : I was hospitalized and received treatment for quite a long time.
Dawn : I see. Is it getting better now?
Mina : (자조하며) I wish I could.
Mina : This is not a thing that can be getting better. Actually, it's quite deadly.
Mina : (웃으며) Well, I'm still alive anyway.
choice	...	I'm sorry to hear that.
Mina : (짜증난) Oh, come on. Don't.
Mina : (짜증난) It's always the same!
Mina : (짜증난) You know what? There are only two reactions that people show when they talk about things like this.
Mina : (짜증난) They either flustered or look at me with pitiful eyes.
Mina : (짜증난) They think I must be unhappy to have such a disease.
Dawn : Sorr...
Mina : (험악한) I said don't do that!
Mina : (짜증난) What the hell is everyone saying they're so sorry about?
Mina : (짜증난) You can't tell just by looking at it. Who would blame you for just asking a question?
Mina : (짜증난) Just because I'm a patient doesn't mean I'll write that on my forehead.
Mina : (한풀 꺾인) Every time people act like that, I... I feel like I've really become unhappy.
Dawn : ...
Mina : (한풀 꺾인) Whatever people think, I'm fine.
Mina : (한풀 꺾인) It's just... everyone has at least one problem in their lives.
Mina : (한풀 꺾인) I think this is the same.
Mina : (한풀 꺾인) At least I'm trying to believe that.
choice	...I see.	I'm so... Oh, I mean... Well...
Mina : ...
Mina : (한숨) It's often said that you're a poor speaker, right?
Dawn : ...
Dawn : Come to think of it, why did you wear your school uniform?
Mina : I tried to make myself feel better.
Mina : I've never been to school, so I haven't worn it before.
Mina : If the doctors were right, I even wouldn't have graduated from elementary school.
Mina : It is very lucky for me to be sitting here and talking to you now.
Dawn : It's an honor for me to spend such a valuable time of your.
Mina : Well, I think that's the same for you.
Mina : Everyone has an end. It's just usually hard to predict when it will be.
Mina : Of course, considering statistical probabilities, my life expectancy would be shorter than a healthy person.
Mina : And people, many or few, live with that kind of expectation.
Mina : You told me that because you thought it unconsciously.
choice	Um...	Uh...
Mina : I'm not saying that's wrong. Rather, it's very reasonable.
Mina : How can a normal life be possible if you suffer from fear of death every moment?
Mina : The act of trying to eliminate as much uncertainty as possible in life through prediction is more like a survival instinct.
Mina : But apart from that, the probability itself only discusses the possibility and guarantees nothing.
Mina : Just because something has never happened before doesn't mean it won't happen.
Mina : Anyway, the bottom line is that your time is as precious as mine.
choice	Do you often think about these things?	When did you come up with these things?
Mina : I think I've been like this since I was a kid.
Mina : Once, I tried not to sleep because I was afraid to sleep.
Dawn : Scared of what?
Mina : I'm afraid I'll fall asleep forever and never wake up again.
Mina : I thought it was surprising that my friends went to bed without any worries.
Mina : My parents were very worried because I stayed up every single night.
Mina : They have told me several times that what you worry about will never happen.
Mina : But I was still not relieved.
Mina : After my parents promised to wake me up every morning until I woke up, I could fall asleep.
Mina : (웃으며) It was a serious concern at the time, but now that I think about it, I was a very demanding child.
Dawn : Do your parents still wake you up in the morning?
Mina : (빨개진) It's a childhood story!
Dawn : I'm just kidding.
Mina : (빨개진) Stop laughing!
Dawn : I'm sorry. I just thought about it, and it made me laugh...
/ 갑자기 시야가 흐려진다. /
Dawn : Uh...
Mina : (당황한) What's wrong?
/ 시야가 어두워지기 시작한다. /